friendly source.com here one of the
often neglected brands that offers a
very good value bang for buck as far as
Swiss watches is concerned as the
Victorinox Swiss Army brand they have a
few series that watches that our
automatics the Ambassador series have
automatics as well as the the air box
series and this is from the Ambassador
series it's a little bit like a Rolex
almost like a Rolex day-date - in the
size 41 millimeters
kind of something like a Jubilee
bracelet but with an extra extra couple
of links in there so a double butterfly
clasp Swiss made this one has a ETA 2836
movement and I believe we'll take a look
at the Victoria Knox logo on the rotor
they're waterproof to a hundred meters I
believe so actually got a really nice
dial silver with some nice cutting in
there date at six o'clock entirely Swiss
made luminous dots at the our markers
there all the way around day there then
top at 12 o'clock get to the bottom non
screw down crown so you can wind it if
you want to looks like pretty decent
size of my wrist 41 millimeters I'm
actually quite quite happy with the size
of this watching if I wasn't addicted to
my Breitling's and stuff I probably
would be quite happy with something like
this
definitely a good value for the money
you can pick these up on the secondary
market for about a few hundred dollars
at least so definitely a good deal
they're a lot better than price-wise and
say I bring a headwind at what six times
the price used so this is the Ambassador
D date from Swiss Army on the bracelet
Saul dead links sapphire crystal front
and back which is very nice feature
especially in this price range when you
look at a lot of those German watches
like oh like what are some of them
mind's drawn a blank
but Vollmer or something like that
glycine even some of these watches in in
the in the thousand dollar range only
use a mineral crystal and it's pretty
easy to scratch that stuff it's kind of
refreshing to see some value in in the
lower end and Victoria Knox is
definitely one of the companies that
delivers it all right have a good one